src/state/README.md, before:

## Roles and Hierarchy

## Test Accounts

llama001@maildrop.cc -> ADMIN
llama002@maildrop.cc -> YDP
llama003@maildrop.cc -> CD

## Rules

- Users have access only to the pages that are on their navbar or links from pages from the pages derived from navbar.
- Users cannot manually type in a url to reach a page, this causes a refresh in the browser which will wipe out the global state(ie. context api), the user will be redirected to the 'UnAuthorized Page' if this happens

#### Resource Access

| Role          | code  | AdminDashboard | ClubDirectorDashboard | YDPDashboard |
| ------------- | ----- | -------------- | --------------------- | ------------ |
| Admin         | ADMIN | x              |                       |              |
| Club Director | CD    |                | x                     |              |
| YDP           | YDP   |                |                       | x            |

| Role          | code  | HomePage | manage-members | manage-programs | manage-staff | manage-clubs |
| ------------- | ----- | -------- | -------------- | --------------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Admin         | ADMIN | x        | x              | x               | x            | x            |
| Club Director | CD    | x        | x              | x               | x            | x            |
| YDP           | YDP   | x        |                |                 |              |              |

| Role          | code  | activity-select | scanner | emoji-selectcheck | emoji-confirm-redirect |
| ------------- | ----- | --------------- | ------- | ----------------- | ---------------------- |
| Admin         | ADMIN |                 |         |                   |                        |
| Club Director | CD    |                 |         |                   |                        |
| YDP           | YDP   | x               | x       | x                 | x                      |

Commit message:

the resource readme now has instructions to add authorization to routes

src/state/README.md, after:

## Roles and Hierarchy

## Test Accounts

llama001@maildrop.cc -> ADMIN
llama002@maildrop.cc -> YDP
llama003@maildrop.cc -> CD

## Rules

- Users have access only to the pages that are on their navbar or links from pages from the pages derived from navbar.
- Users cannot manually type in a url to reach a page, this causes a refresh in the browser which will wipe out the global state(ie. context api), the user will be redirected to the 'UnAuthorized Page' if this happens

## How to add authorization to Routes

- Authorization should only occur on <SecureRoute>
- On the SecureRoute add a component prop and an arrow function for the value
- The function should return an Authorization Component. This component is an HOC that requires a roles array and a component.
- You can find what and change what the roles map to on the /state/contexts/roles.js file.
- Example:

```js
<SecureRoute
  exact
  path="/emoji-selectcheck"
  component={() =>
    Authorization([Roles[0], Roles[1], Roles[2]], EmojiSelectCheck)
  }
/>
```

#### Resource Access

| Role          | code  | AdminDashboard | ClubDirectorDashboard | YDPDashboard |
| ------------- | ----- | -------------- | --------------------- | ------------ |
| Admin         | ADMIN | x              |                       |              |
| Club Director | CD    |                | x                     |              |
| YDP           | YDP   |                |                       | x            |

| Role          | code  | HomePage | manage-members | manage-programs | manage-staff | manage-clubs |
| ------------- | ----- | -------- | -------------- | --------------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Admin         | ADMIN | x        | x              | x               | x            | x            |
| Club Director | CD    | x        | x              | x               | x            | x            |
| YDP           | YDP   | x        |                |                 |              |              |

| Role          | code  | activity-select | scanner | emoji-selectcheck | emoji-confirm-redirect |
| ------------- | ----- | --------------- | ------- | ----------------- | ---------------------- |
| Admin         | ADMIN |                 |         |                   |                        |
| Club Director | CD    |                 |         |                   |                        |
| YDP           | YDP   | x               | x       | x                 | x                      |
